Document that 7.6 Operator is compatible with 7.5 Keycloak (#1584)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_installation/topics/operator/installation.adoc

endif::[]

* For more information on OpenShift Operators, see the link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/operators/olm-what-operators-are.html[OpenShift Operators guide].

ifeval::[{project_community}==false]
[[_operator_rhsso_compatibility]]
=== Operator compatibility with different RH-SSO versions
The RH-SSO Operator 7.6 is fully compatible with RH-SSO 7.5. The 7.6 Operator by default deploys RH-SSO 7.6. To change this
behaviour and use the RH-SSO 7.5 image you need to override the image coordinates by setting the `RELATED_IMAGE_RHSSO`

> environment variable in the Operator pod. For that, please update your OLM `Subscription` for the RH-SSO Operator inside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Operator compatibility with different RH-SSO versions
The RH-SSO Operator 7.6 is fully compatible with RH-SSO 7.5. The 7.6 Operator by default deploys RH-SSO 7.6. To use the RH-SSO 7.5 image instead, override the image coordinates by setting the `RELATED_IMAGE_RHSSO`
environment variable in the Operator pod. To make that change, update your OLM `Subscription` for the RH-SSO Operator inside
```

endif::[]

* For more information on OpenShift Operators, see the link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/operators/olm-what-operators-are.html[OpenShift Operators guide].

> endif::[]

Reviewer 2: I saw that the build was broken due to internal anchors not working. It seems to me that this `endif::[]` should be in line 85 just before the next `ifeval::[]` starts.

Author: A very good catch, thank you! You are of course correct. Should be fixed now.
